From:
Ferdinando Ametrano
Via Gorki 20/D3
20098 San Giuliano Milanese
ITALY
nando@ametrano.net

To:
Patti Scialfa
36 Bellevue Avenue
Rumson, NJ  07760
USA


Milan, April 16, 2004

Dear Patti:


Enclosed please find the second volume of the "Patti Scialfa Collection". I promised to send it to you when we met at Villa d'Este last June. I am so embarrassed it took me so long I will not even try to apologize.

Thank you very much for that time together: it is something my family and I will treasure. My daughter, Chiara, has been telling everybody she met Patti and Bruce, and that Bruce sang Backstreets to her, swearing "forever friends". Well... she does not understand the complete lyrics, but she trusts the promise. And to tell the whole truth, her dad told all his friends about the story too, in an 8-page letter. I have also enclosed the pictures we took with Bruce.

My friend Cathy Vocke, a great fan and collector of your music, have edited both volumes of the "Patti Scialfa Collection". I have included a copy of the artwork in a ready-to-ship envelope already addressed to Cathy: it would be very kind of you if you could sign the artwork for her. I know it would make her happy.

At Villa d'Este I also had a gift for Bruce that I left at the reception desk before meeting you. Unfortunately, it was not given to Bruce at checkout, so I am including it here too as Kelly suggested. It is a new book (well... it was new in June 2003) about four Catholic American writers: Flannery O'Connor, Walker Percy, Dorothy Day, and Thomas Merton. I wrote a dedication to Bruce and it would mean a lot to know he has read it. The book is very interesting and it also mentions the letter Walker Percy wrote to Bruce.

The ten years of waiting for your new album have been a long time... even with the bootlegs as fillers! I look forward in anticipation to "23rd Street Lullaby". Should you come to Italy for promotion (and your Italian fans hope you do), I would be pleased to interview you for the Italian rock magazine I occasionally write for.

Best wishes from Chiara, my wife Rosa, and me. Our 2-year son Simone cannot speak yet, but he would surely join in our good wishes if he could. I am sure he has fond memories of you comforting him while Rosa took pictures.

Warmly,


Ferdinando Ametrano
